Be more precise on how to get a LE certificate (#424)
CleverCloud/documentation: content/doc/administrate/ssl.md

## Getting Certificates with *Let's Encrypt*

> To have a free, auto-generated, auto-renewed certificate, you need to ensure the two
> following conditions:
> 1. Add the domain to your application, via the console or clever-tools
> 2. [Configure your DNS zone](./domain-names) to have your domain or subdomain point
>    to Clever Cloud’s load balancers.
> 
> Clever Cloud’s certificates manager only tries to trigger a certificate generation for 3
> days after adding the domain to the application.
> If needed, you can remove the domain and add it back to re-trigger a certificate generation.
> The support team is also able to manually trigger a certificate upon request.
> 
> If you don’t wish to have a lack of certificate for a few minutes
> (for example if you are migrating an existing domain to Clever Cloud from another hosting provider),
> you can first upload an existing certificate by following [this guide](#uploading-my-own-certificates).
> When the provided certificate expires, Clever Cloud triggers a Let’s Encrypt certificate generation.
> 
> Clever Cloud doesn’t support wildcard Let's Encrypt certificates at the moment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clever Cloud automatically generates and renews TLS certificates for your domains. To enable this:

1. Add your domain to the application:
   - Use the Console or
   - Use clever-tools
2. [Configure your DNS records](./domain-names) to point to Clever Cloud's load balancers

{{< callout type="info" >}}
  Note: Certificate generation attempts occur **only during the first 3 days** after adding a domain. To restart this window, remove and re-add the domain to your application.
{{< /callout >}}

### Alternative Options

#### Immediate Certificate Coverage
To avoid any period without certificate coverage (e.g., during migration from another provider):
1. [Upload your existing certificate](#uploading-my-own-certificates) first
2. Let Clever Cloud generate a new certificate automatically when your uploaded one expires

#### Wildcard Certificates
Clever Cloud's automatic certificate generation doesn't support wildcard certificates. For wildcard certificates, you can:
- Generate your own Let's Encrypt certificate
- Purchase a commercial certificate
- [Contact support](https://console.clever-cloud.com/ticket-center-choice) for a quote on managed certificate services

Need immediate certificate generation? [Contact the support team](https://console.clever-cloud.com/ticket-center-choice) for manual activation.
```
